org/opencv/videoio/Videoio.java
 org.opencv.videoio.Videoio
org/opencv/face/FisherFaceRecognizer.java
 org.opencv.face.FisherFaceRecognizer
org/opencv/objdetect/BaseCascadeClassifier.java
 org.opencv.objdetect.BaseCascadeClassifier
org/opencv/objdetect/HOGDescriptor.java
 org.opencv.objdetect.HOGDescriptor
org/opencv/android/OpenCVLoader.java
 org.opencv.android.OpenCVLoader
org/opencv/core/MatOfPoint3.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfPoint3
org/opencv/photo/AlignMTB.java
 org.opencv.photo.AlignMTB
org/opencv/android/JavaCamera2View.java
 org.opencv.android.JavaCamera2View
 org.opencv.android.JavaCamera2View$1
 org.opencv.android.JavaCamera2View$2
 org.opencv.android.JavaCamera2View$3
 org.opencv.android.JavaCamera2View$JavaCamera2Frame
org/opencv/face/FacemarkKazemi.java
 org.opencv.face.FacemarkKazemi
org/opencv/core/MatOfByte.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfByte
org/opencv/core/CvType.java
 org.opencv.core.CvType
org/opencv/objdetect/CascadeClassifier.java
 org.opencv.objdetect.CascadeClassifier
org/opencv/core/MatOfInt.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfInt
org/opencv/face/Face.java
 org.opencv.face.Face
org/opencv/video/BackgroundSubtractorMOG2.java
 org.opencv.video.BackgroundSubtractorMOG2
org/opencv/core/Rect2d.java
 org.opencv.core.Rect2d
org/opencv/core/MatOfKeyPoint.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfKeyPoint
org/opencv/video/KalmanFilter.java
 org.opencv.video.KalmanFilter
org/opencv/core/RotatedRect.java
 org.opencv.core.RotatedRect
org/opencv/videoio/VideoWriter.java
 org.opencv.videoio.VideoWriter
org/opencv/photo/MergeDebevec.java
 org.opencv.photo.MergeDebevec
org/opencv/android/CameraGLSurfaceView.java
 org.opencv.android.CameraGLSurfaceView
 org.opencv.android.CameraGLSurfaceView$CameraTextureListener
org/opencv/core/Range.java
 org.opencv.core.Range
org/opencv/face/BasicFaceRecognizer.java
 org.opencv.face.BasicFaceRecognizer
org/opencv/imgproc/Imgproc.java
 org.opencv.imgproc.Imgproc
org/opencv/face/MACE.java
 org.opencv.face.MACE
org/opencv/core/Core.java
 org.opencv.core.Core
 org.opencv.core.Core$MinMaxLocResult
org/opencv/face/FacemarkLBF.java
 org.opencv.face.FacemarkLBF
org/opencv/core/CvException.java
 org.opencv.core.CvException
org/opencv/video/Video.java
 org.opencv.video.Video
org/opencv/engine/OpenCVEngineInterface.java
 org.opencv.engine.OpenCVEngineInterface
 org.opencv.engine.OpenCVEngineInterface$Default
 org.opencv.engine.OpenCVEngineInterface$Stub
 org.opencv.engine.OpenCVEngineInterface$Stub$Proxy
org/opencv/videoio/VideoCapture.java
 org.opencv.videoio.VideoCapture
org/opencv/video/FarnebackOpticalFlow.java
 org.opencv.video.FarnebackOpticalFlow
org/opencv/osgi/OpenCVInterface.java
 org.opencv.osgi.OpenCVInterface
org/opencv/android/StaticHelper.java
 org.opencv.android.StaticHelper
org/opencv/core/MatOfFloat6.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfFloat6
org/opencv/core/MatOfPoint3f.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfPoint3f
org/opencv/imgcodecs/Imgcodecs.java
 org.opencv.imgcodecs.Imgcodecs
org/opencv/face/StandardCollector.java
 org.opencv.face.StandardCollector
org/opencv/core/MatOfRect2d.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfRect2d
org/opencv/face/EigenFaceRecognizer.java
 org.opencv.face.EigenFaceRecognizer
org/opencv/video/BackgroundSubtractor.java
 org.opencv.video.BackgroundSubtractor
org/opencv/android/LoaderCallbackInterface.java
 org.opencv.android.LoaderCallbackInterface
org/opencv/face/FaceRecognizer.java
 org.opencv.face.FaceRecognizer
org/opencv/face/FacemarkAAM.java
 org.opencv.face.FacemarkAAM
org/opencv/objdetect/Objdetect.java
 org.opencv.objdetect.Objdetect
org/opencv/photo/CalibrateRobertson.java
 org.opencv.photo.CalibrateRobertson
org/opencv/photo/MergeExposures.java
 org.opencv.photo.MergeExposures
org/opencv/face/FacemarkTrain.java
 org.opencv.face.FacemarkTrain
org/opencv/core/MatOfRect.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfRect
org/opencv/core/MatOfInt4.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfInt4
org/opencv/photo/CalibrateDebevec.java
 org.opencv.photo.CalibrateDebevec
org/opencv/photo/TonemapMantiuk.java
 org.opencv.photo.TonemapMantiuk
org/opencv/photo/AlignExposures.java
 org.opencv.photo.AlignExposures
org/opencv/core/MatOfPoint2f.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfPoint2f
org/opencv/core/DMatch.java
 org.opencv.core.DMatch
org/opencv/core/TermCriteria.java
 org.opencv.core.TermCriteria
org/opencv/imgproc/Moments.java
 org.opencv.imgproc.Moments
org/opencv/android/CameraRenderer.java
 org.opencv.android.CameraRenderer
org/opencv/android/Camera2Renderer.java
 org.opencv.android.Camera2Renderer
 org.opencv.android.Camera2Renderer$1
 org.opencv.android.Camera2Renderer$2
org/opencv/core/MatOfPoint.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfPoint
org/opencv/core/MatOfDouble.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfDouble
org/opencv/core/Algorithm.java
 org.opencv.core.Algorithm
org/opencv/core/Mat.java
 org.opencv.core.Mat
org/opencv/android/JavaCameraView.java
 org.opencv.android.JavaCameraView
 org.opencv.android.JavaCameraView$1
 org.opencv.android.JavaCameraView$CameraWorker
 org.opencv.android.JavaCameraView$JavaCameraFrame
 org.opencv.android.JavaCameraView$JavaCameraSizeAccessor
org/opencv/osgi/OpenCVNativeLoader.java
 org.opencv.osgi.OpenCVNativeLoader
org/opencv/photo/MergeRobertson.java
 org.opencv.photo.MergeRobertson
org/opencv/video/DenseOpticalFlow.java
 org.opencv.video.DenseOpticalFlow
org/opencv/android/Utils.java
 org.opencv.android.Utils
org/opencv/core/Size.java
 org.opencv.core.Size
org/opencv/android/CameraBridgeViewBase.java
 org.opencv.android.CameraBridgeViewBase
 org.opencv.android.CameraBridgeViewBase$1
 org.opencv.android.CameraBridgeViewBase$CvCameraViewFrame
 org.opencv.android.CameraBridgeViewBase$CvCameraViewListener
 org.opencv.android.CameraBridgeViewBase$CvCameraViewListener2
 org.opencv.android.CameraBridgeViewBase$CvCameraViewListenerAdapter
 org.opencv.android.CameraBridgeViewBase$ListItemAccessor
org/opencv/BuildConfig.java
 org.opencv.BuildConfig
org/opencv/android/FpsMeter.java
 org.opencv.android.FpsMeter
org/opencv/face/LBPHFaceRecognizer.java
 org.opencv.face.LBPHFaceRecognizer
org/opencv/android/BaseLoaderCallback.java
 org.opencv.android.BaseLoaderCallback
 org.opencv.android.BaseLoaderCallback$1
 org.opencv.android.BaseLoaderCallback$2
 org.opencv.android.BaseLoaderCallback$3
 org.opencv.android.BaseLoaderCallback$4
 org.opencv.android.BaseLoaderCallback$5
 org.opencv.android.BaseLoaderCallback$6
 org.opencv.android.BaseLoaderCallback$7
org/opencv/imgproc/CLAHE.java
 org.opencv.imgproc.CLAHE
org/opencv/photo/TonemapDrago.java
 org.opencv.photo.TonemapDrago
org/opencv/imgproc/LineSegmentDetector.java
 org.opencv.imgproc.LineSegmentDetector
org/opencv/face/BIF.java
 org.opencv.face.BIF
org/opencv/photo/TonemapReinhard.java
 org.opencv.photo.TonemapReinhard
org/opencv/video/BackgroundSubtractorKNN.java
 org.opencv.video.BackgroundSubtractorKNN
org/opencv/photo/MergeMertens.java
 org.opencv.photo.MergeMertens
org/opencv/face/PredictCollector.java
 org.opencv.face.PredictCollector
org/opencv/video/SparseOpticalFlow.java
 org.opencv.video.SparseOpticalFlow
org/opencv/android/AsyncServiceHelper.java
 org.opencv.android.AsyncServiceHelper
 org.opencv.android.AsyncServiceHelper$1
 org.opencv.android.AsyncServiceHelper$2
 org.opencv.android.AsyncServiceHelper$3
 org.opencv.android.AsyncServiceHelper$3$1
 org.opencv.android.AsyncServiceHelper$3$2
org/opencv/core/Rect.java
 org.opencv.core.Rect
org/opencv/core/MatOfFloat.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfFloat
org/opencv/face/Facemark.java
 org.opencv.face.Facemark
org/opencv/core/Scalar.java
 org.opencv.core.Scalar
org/opencv/core/Point3.java
 org.opencv.core.Point3
org/opencv/android/CameraGLRendererBase.java
 org.opencv.android.CameraGLRendererBase
org/opencv/photo/Photo.java
 org.opencv.photo.Photo
org/opencv/photo/TonemapDurand.java
 org.opencv.photo.TonemapDurand
org/opencv/video/SparsePyrLKOpticalFlow.java
 org.opencv.video.SparsePyrLKOpticalFlow
org/opencv/core/MatOfFloat4.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfFloat4
org/opencv/imgproc/Subdiv2D.java
 org.opencv.imgproc.Subdiv2D
org/opencv/photo/CalibrateCRF.java
 org.opencv.photo.CalibrateCRF
org/opencv/core/TickMeter.java
 org.opencv.core.TickMeter
org/opencv/android/InstallCallbackInterface.java
 org.opencv.android.InstallCallbackInterface
org/opencv/core/MatOfDMatch.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfDMatch
org/opencv/video/DualTVL1OpticalFlow.java
 org.opencv.video.DualTVL1OpticalFlow
org/opencv/core/KeyPoint.java
 org.opencv.core.KeyPoint
org/opencv/photo/Tonemap.java
 org.opencv.photo.Tonemap
org/opencv/core/Point.java
 org.opencv.core.Point
org/opencv/utils/Converters.java
 org.opencv.utils.Converters
